h1. Welcome to BIG Help

Welcome to BIG Help. BIG Help is an open-source help ticket system that can be used by consumer-focused web companies.

You can see a "real live version of BIG Help running here":http://www.beshifty.com/support

h2. Setup

# Create your database
# Edit the config/database.yml file
# Edit the config/config.yml file (see below)
# Run migration(s) with rake db:migrate
# Edit the view in app/views/help/index.html.erb (see below)
# Fire up your mongrel(s) or mod_rails
# Browse to /signup and create your initial user account (have your staff do the same)
# Once your staff has created accounts, you'll want to turn off the /signup route and users/new action (see below)

h3. The config.yml file

The config.yml file contains settings about your app and company. You should edit this file with your information. When BIG Help starts, these values are loaded into the AppConfig hash and used in the layouts, views, and email methods. 

h3. Custom field

The Ticket model contains a property called "custom", allowing some flexibility in your help form. The label for your custom field is defined in the config.yml file. You'll probably want to use it for something like "Order number" or "User ID".

h3. The home page

The root of the app is routed to /help/index, which renders the /app/views/help/index.html.erb file. This is designed to be a general entry point for your customers. Personally, I like to present customers with FAQs or a Wiki before letting them submit a ticket. If that's not your style, you can change map.root to route to help/new (in config/routes.rb).

h3. Signup area

BIG Help uses the restful-authentication plugin for support staff access. When you initially fire up the application, you can create new support user accounts by going to /signup. Obviously, once you have created your support accounts, you'll want to turn off signups. You should do this by: 
1. Comment out the /signup route in config/routes.rb 
2. Uncomment the redirect_back_or_default('/') line in the users controller (new action)
3. Restart your app

I'm sure there are better ways to do this, but it works for me. YMMV

h3. Ticket key

When a customer submits a support ticket, they are presented with a unique 8-character "key" or "token". The key can be used to look up their ticket later. If you'd like the change the length, you'll find it defined in the Ticket model file (app/models/ticket.rb).

h2. Roadmap

h3. Implemented

* Ticket model
* Help controller
* Tickets can be submitted

h3. Coming up

* Email notification to customer
* Adding support users & authentication
* Email notifications to support users
* Admin controller for support users (to browse tickets)
* Ability to add messages to tickets

h3. Maybe some day

* Mobile version
